[release-2.4.0 <- T187-MAGE] All Shortest Paths (#519)
memgraph/docs: docs/reference-guide/graph-algorithms.md

```cypher
MATCH path=(n {id: 0})-[*WSHORTEST (r, n | n.total_USD) total_weight (r, n | r.eu_border = false AND n.drinks_USD < 15)]-(m {id: 46})
RETURN path,total_weight;
```

> ## All Shortest Paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## All shortest paths
```

I'll fix the Weighted shortest path to reflect this style as well

Finding all shortest paths is an expansion of the weighted shortest paths problem. The goal
of finding the shortest path is obtaining any minimum sum of weights on the path from one
node to the other. However, there could be multiple similar-weighted paths, and this algorithm

> enables to fetch them all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fetches them all.
```

> Weighted shortest path implementation returns only one-row resulting path from one

Reviewer: Do not really understand what does this "resulting" means?

Reviewer 2: one shortest path is returned as a result, as compared to all shortest paths

node to the other. Commonly, multiple shortest paths are flowing through different

> routes. Syntax of obtaining all shortest paths is similar to the weighted shortest path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
routes. Syntax of obtaining all shortest paths is similar to the Weighted Shortest Path
```

and boils down to calling `[*ALLSHORTEST (r, n | r.weight)]` where `r` and `n` define 
the current expansion relationship and node respectively.

### Getting various results

> We'll use a similar example as the one above, used for the weighted shortest path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> To showcase the characteristics of all shortest paths, we'll use a default weight equal to 1 in the next example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To the following query searches for all shortest paths with a default weight equal to 1:
```

```cypher
MATCH path=(n {id: 0})-[:CloseTo *ALLSHORTEST (r, n | 1)]-(m {id: 15})
RETURN path;
```

> Query returns multiple results, all with the 4 hops meaning that there are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query returns multiple results, all with 4 hops meaning there are 
```

> multiple paths flowing from source node to the destination node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiple paths flowing from the source node to the destination node.
```

> Nothing prevents the user to run a weighted query based on the weight property on

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what I get here as a result... maybe rewrite it to:

The following query will return.... ?

each visited edge:

```cypher
MATCH path=(n {id: 0})-[:Type *ALLSHORTEST (r, n | r.weight)]-(m {id: 5})
RETURN path;
```

> One might want to obtain all relationships on all shortest paths. To 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain all relationships on all shortest paths unwind them to a single variable and return only the distinct (unique) results: 
```

Or something like that... in the future just focus the text a bit more to the users perspective

unwind them all,
a little more complicated query needs to be written:

```cypher
MATCH path=(n {id: 0})-[relationships:CloseTo *ALLSHORTEST (r, n | n.total_USD)]-(m {id: 51})
UNWIND (relationships(path)) AS edge
RETURN DISTINCT edge; 
```

> Information about total weight can be gathered in a similar fashion as in 

Reviewer: To get the total weight, define a variable bla bla

Don't rely on the WSP so much because what if somebody came here to read about ASP only BCS they need info about it to write a query... don't send the to check info somewhere else, give it to them here :)

the weighted shortest path. 
```cypher
MATCH path=(n {id: 0})-[relationships:CloseTo *WSHORTEST (r, n | 1) total_weight]-(m {id: 9})
RETURN nodes(path), total_weight;
```

### Constraining the path's length

> All shortest path allows for upper bound path restriction. This significantly modifies the outcome of the shortest path if the globally shortest path is obtained from some route with more hops than the set upper bound. Finding the all shortest paths with path restriction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Shortest Path allows restricting the upper bound path. This addition significantly modifies the outcome of the algorithm if the globally shortest path is obtained from a route with more hops than the set upper bound. Finding the all shortest paths with path restriction
```

This globally is strange here. It's an adverb so it should stand next to a verb, not a noun. Can we say global shortest path? or "... if the shortest path is obtained globally..."?

Reviewer 2: "All Shortest Paths allows restricting the upper bound path". Seems like "upper bound path" is a term

boils down to finding the minimum weighted path with a maximum length of `upper_bound`. Upper bound is defined just after the operator:

> ```cypher

Reviewer: Can't really see the words upper_bound in this query... so the upper bound is 4? maybe mention this in the text that explains the query

MATCH path=(n {id: 0})-[:CloseTo *ALLSHORTEST 4 (r, n | n.total_USD) total_weight]-(m {id: 46})
RETURN path,total_weight;
```

### Constraining the expansion based on property values

> All shortest paths algorithm implementation enables expansions filter to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Shortest Paths algorithm enables expansions filter to be
```

> written in a query. To define it, the requirement is to write a lambda function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define it, the requirement is to write a lambda function
```

> with filter expression over `r` (relationship) and `n` (node) variables as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a filter expression over `r` (relationship) and `n` (node) variables as parameters.
```
